hello youtube this is a very friendly
duelist and I've decided to do another
card of the day to day because I put
spare time and I can and plus like I'm
sort of late and holidays I think and
anyway just as clear something up if
anybody is asking it enough they are
asking I got this mat that i am using
from the regionals so i don't have to
ask that question anymore ok so today's
call of the day is Marsh man let's have
a look at stats ok he is a light very
much like honest 3 star 300 attack and
500 defense ok so his stats are pretty
bad but that's not why everybody loves
marshmallow everyone loves marshmallow
because he's pretty much a staple he can
go in any deck apart from da dee I'm not
joking any deck lights wonder if you
really really need like monsters fairy
council fairies monarchs just everything
ok Exodia decks studex just just just
everything just believe me on that and
why did can he go on anything well first
of all he is not destroyed by battle and
unlike spirit reaper he hasn't got like
a side effect or he dies for no reason
so and a better bonus he does a thousand
damage to your opponent when they attack
it and for first time so it's like
pretty damn goes like thousand damage at
some the eighth of your life points
found damage and it just stools so it's
good um if most used in morn objects
because gal marshmallow your opponent
can't get it unless they're going to use
a spell trap which they probably won't
trim from monarch and that's just easy
monarch food so yeah my
mine if you need like to further your
space a new deck try marshmallow unless
you're runnin da d because that will
just crap up you're a Dalek but yeah so
he's pretty much good for everything and
that was another core of the day by the
very from a duelist who is not actually
very friendly goodbye